{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \
Homework Review\

\b0 \
1.  T
\i here is a delete request made from within the form view to controller that allows the user to delete a student. Find where this request is made in the form which passes to the controller. What would be a reason for defining it in the place that it is?\

\i0 \
The request to delete a student is defined in the student_controller.rb. The purpose is to separate the restful requests from the Model that performs the actual logic for deletion. Seperation of Responsibilities.\
\

\i 2. Why is the delete request defined using a form?
\i0 \
It allows a way of the User to interact with the View and delete a student without having to make a call from the terminal itself. To be able to interactively make a POST request\
\

\i 3. Why do we need to have the \'91new\'92 route defined above the \'91show\'92 route?
\i0 \
This is to avoid the \'91new\'92 route producing a \'91InvalidTextRepresenation\'92 in Postgres due to picking-up the id from \'91show\'92 and not being able to parse. i.e. \'92:id\'92 wouldn\'92t recognise a \'91\'92new\'92 string from the students/new request.\
\
4. 
\i In the 'new' view, what is the collection of data we iterate over to create the select for the house? 
\i0 Where does that collection of data come from? Trace the data flow through the application.\
\
Instances of House\
localhost=> View-> Controller->@houses defined in Controller\
\

\i 5. In the \'91new\'92 view, inside the form that allows a user to create a new student, why do the options in the 'house' select (dropdown) need to have a value of the house's id?\
\

\i0 So that the house selected can be related via an id to a unique house. Otherwise there would be no way of identifying it to perform a request on.}